By default, code is now formatted automatically when the Enhanced Code Editor view is opened. (#3401)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/7.3-release-notes.adoc

The following premium plugin updates were released alongside {productname} {release-version}.

=== Enhanced Code Editor

The {productname} {release-version} release includes an accompanying release of the **Enhanced Code Editor** premium plugin.

**Enhanced Code Editor** includes the following improvements.

==== By default, code is now formatted automatically when the Enhanced Code Editor view is opened.

Previously, the Enhanced Code Editor plugin did not automatically format code with indentation, resulting in less readable source code for users.

> With {productname} {release-version}, the new `advcode_prettify_editor` option has been introduced. By default, this option is set to `true`, ensuring that code indentation is automatically formatted upon opening the Enhanced Code Editor view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With {productname} {release-version}, the new `advcode_prettify_editor` option has been introduced. By default, this option is set to `true`, ensuring that HTML content is automatically formatted upon opening the Enhanced Code Editor view.
```

> Additionally, users can manually format pasted HTML code in the Enhanced Code Editor with a single click using the new "Format Code" button.

Reviewer 2: Using the button user can both format all Enhanced Code Editor content or selected section.

Author: ```suggestion
Additionally, users can now format either all content within the Enhanced Code Editor or a specific context selection when clicking on the "Format Code" button.
```
